 Everything is categorized and notated so I don't have to keep all the tabs open to keep track of all the crazy stuff I'm doing.  Great extension!

I frequently need to open the same four websites, and this tool allows me to open them all at once or individually, which is fantastic!

This extension has me hooked as it's definitely not like your normal bookmark manager...The ability to use an org file to sycn was a genius move.

having tried almost every other tab management extension I could find, this is the one that I finally believe is on the right track.

This extension naturally fits the bill of organizing such tab groups into a logical hierarchy of "work units" that can be quickly accessed / switched to.

the tool itself is amazing...use this with TabFS, todoist.el, and rclone to do some pretty neat things. Very elegant.

look beyond the surface of BrainTool to discover it's hidden powers ... which are desperately needed in today's cloud-based environments where lots of information is hidden in the fog.

#9 ---

I've been using Braintool for several months now and I've been thrilled with it...The really great thing in BrainTool is the ability to save notes along with the link...The keyboard shortcuts also make it incredibly quick and easy to use

This is becoming a powerhouse productivity tool! It is Bookmarks+Sessions+Outliner in one place...also, the whole idea of basing this on an org file is just brilliant!

I've used Session Buddy and OneTab. This is far superior...8 months later BrainTool absolutely still deserves 5 stars

the reason I am leaving 5 stars is because of tagging, categorization, and notes taking that is clean and visible.

BrainTool has helped me get my life organized in a way that I never thought possible.

5 stars for the amount of smart thinking that went into this, for the vision...it's a brilliant tab manager and you can use it to save content to hierarchies (topic maps) that work for you.

#16 it's a life saver, and a game changer for productivity and digital well-being...I especially love this project's Philosophy

For a long time I was looking for a Tabs Outliner replacement because it is not actively developed.
With Braintool I have found it.

My husband recommended this extension as I stopped using Tabs Outliner

As a current Tabs Outliner user, my first reaction is that BrainTool, even in its pre-1.0 release, is far more polished.

Amazing App. I love that it's in plane text and uses org mode!
